I will not cry Not even suffer
The flame of my soul burns for you
But if it's to be so, whatever it is, let it be
But if it's to be this way
1, 2, 3, 4 Ah, pure and beautiful melody
Delight of woman, my muse Cinderella That enchants and hallucinates
In my mind comes the most obscene fantasies It makes me write poetry and poems
From the front there is no one who can resist It is inevitable not to smile, to shout to the world
So that you can hear me
All the ways lead me to you. Without understanding, I began to ask why.
Today I am a poet my princess If I have to write to you that way
I do not care what you say, because it's always going to be
so everything that begins has a means and ends
But one thing I know In your arms I found myself, and I fell in love
I will not cry Not even suffer
The flame of my soul burns for you
But if it's to be so, whatever it is, let it be
But if it's supposed to be so hummmmm ...
I remember the first time I saw you Millions of adjectives I attributed to you
I thought about what to say to you. I created the most beautiful song I could give
I do not need fireflies to see you smile You are my light you make me happy
That our love is alive I'm sure Unfortunately this is the cold law of nature
I want to grab you, kiss you, deliver a bouquet. Tell you how wonderful it was to meet you.
I have never seen a woman so beautiful as jasmine. The sweetest perfume is the flower of my garden.
Happiness exists I found in your arms At those moments listening to waters of marco
Our soul danced our spirit ignited You were Juliet, and I was Romeo
I will not cry Not even suffer
The flame of my soul burns for you
But if it's meant to be so whatever it is
This story was a novel Not at all was just a bid
I just wanted the chance to say How wonderful it was to meet you.
I will not cry Not even suffer
The flame of my soul burns for you
But if it's meant to be so whatever it is